
This PCB was designed in KiCAD and went through a few revisions, in part due to issues with supply on components in 2021/2022.  Most of the parts are readily available still, however you may struggle to find the parts for the 3.3v power supply, these were constantly appearing and dropping out of availability.  The RC522 boards are available but quality of these varies a lot, with some simply not being viable for reading anything other than the most basic MiFare Classic clone cards.  Some details about how to improve some modules is available here https://trikkitt.com/rfid-rc522-rfid-reader-modules-why-they-dont-work-and-how-to-fix-them/ but be aware some are so bad they can't be fixed.  I had to bin around 20 modules as a result.  While it mentioned the DFR299 audio modules there are very cheap clones available that I ended up using to keep costs down.  The tamper switches are optional, if you aren't going to use them either remove the code that monitors them, or link them out.  If you only need one then make sure you link the other one out or you will get problems!

Update from November 2025: The original PIC microcontroller (16LF15356) has run out of capacity as of the code base from mid-2025.  As a result all of my units have been upgraded to use 18F27Q83.  This new PIC has sufficient capacity for future code increases and isn't crazy expensive.  It does consume a little more energy as it isn't the LF version (it just isn't available on this model) and it can run at higher clock speeds. They are pin compatible, so can be used interchangeably if required, but be aware the older one has zero space and has no OTA update code.  While the 18F27Q83 has lots of capacity and the current build does contain a very basic OTA update mechanism.

The power supply chip has gone end of life.  When checking the chip was available from Farnell from limit residual stock.  Before producing these PCBs please ensure you either have purchased the chips required OR redesign the 3.3v power regulation with a new part.  Note it does include two power chips, you need only populate one of them! One turned out to be way too small to be hand soldered and was never populated or tested.  The main things are to check that any replacement supports an enable pin on the chip so that the PIC microcontroller can control the power and turn the unit off if needed.

The tamper detection switches are optional.  But if you don't use them, then be sure to link them out to avoid floating voltages triggering the tamper detection incorrectly.  The pictured tamper detection configuration uses a PCB mounted microswitch to detect removal of the back case, and it also includes a cable run to a microswitch mounted on the back of the case to detect removal of the speaker.  The red heat shrink includes a 10K Ohm resistor just in case of shorts on the microswitch, but it will work without the resistor. If you don't want this secondary switch then just link out the switch connections.

The RC522 RFID reader has the LED removed to save power (it serves no useful purpose), it also has the pullup resistor removed as the PIC always directly drives this pin, therefore there is no benefit to having this resistor and it wastes power.  The inductors are replaced (link to article above) so that it can successfully read more than just the Mifare 1k RFID cards.

